Lord wait for me
Liu Mengsha, a female of the Western Zhou Dynasty
Come to travel
Member
My Li family has 100,000 male teachers in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
Millions of subjects
Three thousand families
trillion net worth
I am destiny
I am the daughter of Tianxuan
I will retire from this marriage today
I'd like to see if I'm on your side today
Or someone from my side?
Have you thought about it?
Millions of subjects in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
Three thousand families
But it's all in your hands
Joke Yang Fan
You think with this marriage contract
Can I make my Li family rise?
Today I will be in front of the nine clans
In front of you
Burn the marriage contract with your own hands
Break off your marriage
kind of
We'll see.
Do you think I dare not?
I'd rather see if I burn this marriage contract today
What can you do to me?
Did you see it?
Wedding date is ruined
Where did the damnation come from?
Where did the retribution come from?
On behalf of the Chen family, I annulled my sister's marriage
break off marriage
A bunch of stupid idiots
Kyushu Brilliant
Destroyed today
What do you mean by retribution?
Pick it up first, why didn't I see it at all?
Father father
What's up?
Ah, tear up the marriage contract
Scourge is coming
And when you don't know it's coming
Don't say I ruined the marriage
What if I were to chop up these broken fields?
If you destroy the divine tripod in Zhengzhou
Your Chen family was exterminated on the spot
It's a big plan
I'm going to hack these broken spots now
I see how you let me start a family and exterminate the family
Stop Chen Yangfeng
Who gave you the courage?